the machinations of the fabulists had been exposed to me in the
intercept i decrypted for room forty they were intent on developing
cruel weapons capable of demoralizing and injuring large numbers of
enemy soldiers in defiance of all natural laws of warfare i had
already been exposed to the horror of modern conflict and their
plans filled me with revulsion but i could not have guessed at the
full depth of their depravity until i had read the full text of
their message which was an invitation to a demonstration of the
weapon they proposed to test it on prisoners of war held at a camp
near the french border which at that stage was under verona guard
and i imagined since it was difficult to believe that all of verona
were privy to the fabulists' foul plot that it was under the direct
control of proteus and valentine

in my horror i resolved to travel there at full speed determined to
confront them and to expose their vile plan the majority of soldiers
both commissioned officers and enlisted men are decent honourable
men who would be horrified by what i had uncovered unfortunately the
one man i chose to entrust with the knowledge i had gained a young
lieutenant colonel was a partner in the crimes of the fabulists he
had proven his valour at the front and like me he had been revolted
by what he had seen i was sure he would share my revulsion but his
hatred of the enemy was too strong and he was excited by what i told
him sure that the new weapon would end the war he saw victory where
i saw a crime
