harry and charlie,

not much time and i need to spend the time i have carefully. i have access
to the dynamix network and used it to hack into citadelle. they have a large
database that a number of people here are working on. mostly maintenance and
data entry, but jamelia's team seem to have been working on mining the data.
nothing too surprising really, and at first i couldn't see what the fuss was
about, but again i got lucky. jamelia's account on the machine they gave me
had been wiped, but they missed a config file that showed me that she had used
an online storage service for some of her files, and one of them was huge. the
client software kept metadata about the file, and it looks like a clone of the
database i have seen here, but the filesize is way off, and the storage scheme
seems to have been formatted with pointers to hidden parts of the file that
dwarf the database i have seen in the citadelle servers. i don't know about
the database itself, but i also found what looks like an encrypted db scheme
file. if you can send me jamelia's old laptop or phone, i think there is a
chance we could recover some of the documents that she had deleted by syncing
it to the server. if her keychain has been copied over, that might also give
me access to the citadelle database which i have codenamed titan. i think we
might be getting close to the truth, but i am also sure that i am not trusted
here, and that will make it hard to get much more intelligence without raising
alarm. others seem to have fairly free access to the building, but my pass
only gets me to one floor and three rooms. everyone is friendly, but no one is
talking, and i don't want to push too hard and make them more suspicious.

i would suggest we switch back to substitution ciphers in the future. this is
getting serious. maybe a vigenere or hill cipher next time.

trinity
