tempest agents
storm warning

leaks from london intelligence hq suggest that british govt tracking
of tempest agents and communications has been stepped up in the wake
of our southern activities it is advisable to reduce all ecomms to a
minimum and to bring in currently active personnel

the state of play appears to be as follows two young people named
charlie and mark have stumbled across turing's papers in which he
outlined the history of tempest they have been tracked electronically
and we have deciphered their emails and other communications they
appear to have cracked turing's encryption and have a good grasp of
the historical role of our organisation and alarmingly have made a
link with our more recent financial activities they do not appear to
have understood how changes in international finance have altered our
approach though they have persisted in working through turing's notes
and there is evidence that they have been studying other sources to
try to track our activities themselves they seem to have detected our
intrusion into their own network and are aware that we may be tracking
them we have reason to believe that charlie has a family connection
with the security services but no firm evidence that our current
operations have been compromised nevertheless it is essential that we
increase our internal and external state of readiness in case it is
necessary to react

given the importance of determining the full degree to which our
operations are currently compromised observations should be maintained
but these should only involve our deepest deep-cover agents hooke will
be taking control of southern region operations and central bursary
will provide all necessary resources no action should be taken until
the full level of government interest is known
