Chapter 0

1st January 1911

Truly I shall miss the soothing sounds of our
village, but if I am to break free of the corset which
will surly crush me then I must leave these shores.
Other women have have shown that they may equal or
surpass the achievements of their male colleagues and
it is my most sincere intention to prove, one way or
another, that we may outdo them in the field. As the
first British woman ever to obtain a degree in
archaeology, I had high hopes of joining a dig in the
Middle East. However, the professors who dominate the
subject in this country seem to think that the desert is
no place for a lady, and not one of them would let me
join his expedition. Instead, I will this year set out
to seek ancient treasure on my own. If the spade and
pick are deemed unsuitable for my use, then I shall
use the cunning nature to my sex, wielding intellect to
root out the secrets of the past. With my inheritance
from Uncle Albert, I will be able to travel, and to
puchase the information and the loyalty that are the
tools of my chosen profession. All I need now is a
clue, to start me off on my first investigation.
