my dear miss lovelace

i have been studying your notes on your father's engima as you suggest
it seems likely that it has been encrypted using a simple vigenere cypher
and i hope you will not object if i suggest using my own methods to
discover the length of the keyword by analysing the frequency of repeating
sequences in the text i suspect that your father who was not a truly
sophisticated user of cyphers will have restricted himself to a key of
length two or perhaps three and this should render the exercise relatively
simple

mr cocking has organised the auction for our machine to be held at a secret
location early next month he believes that his subterfuge remains undetected
and is confident in the ability of our constabulary to arrest the miscreants
however he did obtain the enclosed copy of the most recent missive from
monhier and his cronies to their masters in france and he has asked if we
would decypher the text for him he would like some assurance that his plan
is likely to work before embarking on the final stage having analysed the
text myself i am convinced that this message is itself encrypted using a
vigenere cypher though it has been cleverly disguised as i am sure you will
discover for yourself given what we have recently heard i am slightly puzzled
that monhier is still using such an elementary device i had expected him to
use the jefferson cypher mr cocking was emphatic that he saw a jefferson
cylinder in the possession of the conspirators at their last meeting perhaps
they reserve this for matters of top secrecy

i hope that we will have the opportunity to test the turning engine on at
least one of their jeffersonian communications before this adventure ends

with much affection
babbage
