exactly what or who had hit me i wasn't sure but by the time i came
around they had long gone if you will excuse the pun it was a
professional hit just the right amount of force to knock me out
probably no permanent damage the room had been expertly disassembled
the shelves were emptied of black's mission files and much of the
steampunk technology had been taken apart presumably to make sure
it didn't contain any further secrets the big beautiful round table
had been cleared and i leant on it to steady myself as my head swam

i guessed that whoever had followed me into the tunnels and on into
the headquarters must have known what i was looking for it was too
much of a coincidence that they had found me here probably they were
connected with the emails that first got me interested in black but
in a confused state after my blackout i was puzzled why had they
involved me perhaps they just didn't know how to find the shadow
archive and hoped i would be able to help perhaps they wanted to
implicate me in the theft of the shadow archive papers in that case
they should have hit me harder i wasn't going to hang around long
enough to get caught

something was nagging at me none of the papers i had seen looked
interesting enough to justify all this effort i turned my head
cautiously trying to ignore the throbbing behind my ear and looked
around the room one more time to see what we were missing as i did
so my foot caught on something and i bent down to pick it up when
they hit me i had been sitting reading black's codebook it was full
of marvellous if dated ideas on cryptography and information security
and i had just been reading the section on transposition ciphers it
seemed he was particularly keen on columnar transpositions and was
arguing that it would be best to read off the ciphertext column by
column to confuse enemy cryptanalysts i was musing on just how secure
that would be when the world went dark luckily as i had fallen i had
dropped the book and it had slipped under the table somehow they had
missed it during the search and there it was hidden in the shadows

i took a deep breath to slow the spinning behind my eyes and picked
the book up but as i pulled myself upright again the tabletop shifted
slightly to one side i struggled to regain my balance and the table
moved again and this time i heard a distinct click as i shifted my
weight the table rotated back and there it was once more a soft
metallic clink as a ratchet tooth engaged i stood up grabbed at the
table and pulled sideways it turned again clicking several times as
it did so it was a noise i knew very well the tumblers on a safe made
the same sound though much much quieter
