It is difficult to focus on a task such as waiting, but wait I must, for only in
shadow am I out of harm’s way. I am awaiting information from my ally, but it is
taking far too long and I am anxious to find out if this is Harry’s doing. I do
not wish to inflict any harm upon this ally. Harry knows of my doubts, but I
don’t know just how suspicious my motivation is to him. I do not doubt that
Harry saw my training as a difficult job, but my ability to vanish always allows
a short withdrawal from my tasks, and allows a possibility for communication
unknown to him.
Now not-so-distant drums sound ominously. I just want to run far away from my
captivity, but I am conscious of Harry’s guards watching continuously, so flight
is always an inch or two out of my grasp. Thinking of war numbs my brain: I am
afraid that it might bring loss and ruination to my land, but I am afraid too to
aid Harry in his spying - too much is at risk, and this is not my war to fight.
If I had family, anybody to fight for, I would go on; but in contrast to this
marching army who follow my signals, I am not working of my own accord but by
conscription. I am told that it is my duty to assist in bringing about victory
for my country, that my part in this military campaign is crucial, but I find
that hard to trust. Probably many a man or woman could do my job; scouting is
not hard, and my own motivation to abstain from fighting is strong. Anyway,
victory is too distant right now. Too many things can go wrong. All that anybody
can do is pray, for it is starting soon - if I trust my intuition it will start
tomorrow.
