mark,

you are probably wondering why this is a handwritten letter. it's
alright i haven't turned my back on the digital age, but you know
you said we should keep our eyes open? i have a nasty feeling you
might have been right. it seems like someone has been reading my
mail. you know how we set up that web bug system to protect night
climbing meets? well, someone in france has triggered it. i wouldn't
have noticed because they had wiped it, but i lost a bunch of music
when the disc died and was in the process of restoring from a hidden
backup partition when i noticed the disc on the server was slow.
someone was crawling through the files sending them to somewhere in
dotfr. they were wiping their trace as they went but i caught part
of the traffic and figured out where they had been. there was a small
gap in the access record that told me where to look. normally i would
put it down to a hungarian hacker, but this was too slick an
operation and they seemed to be hunting for stuff. they only looked
at files with words starting t. sound familiar?

i am really spooked. i keep thinking i am being followed and i hear
funny noises on my phone. i must be imagining it. how can a story
from nineteen forty something be of any interest now?

anyway i have set up some traps to watch all our communications for
leaks. i think we had better do everything by hand from now on. no
spreadsheets, no phones, nothing electronic. just drop letters through
the door. real old style. i know this makes encryption hard, but i
think it is more important than ever. we should tighten up. maybe use
one of those old keyword ciphers next time. what do you think?

charlie
