Final Report

Insertion of the hardware is complete, and our tests have concluded
there is no sign from the signal traffic that the security services
have any knowledge of Trojan.

The on-shore solar panels are running reliably and providing more power
than needed by the existing server, so we are exploring the possibility
of developing a local server farm to process data as it arrives. This
will also give us additional power if the NSA changes its encryption
scheme. The plan to carry power and data to and from shore via the
insulated steel jacket of the cable seems to be working better than
expected. The error-correcting codes we are using are highly efficient,
and the man-in-the-middle server is reliably intercepting around one in
fifteen thousand of the American transmissions across the Bab-al-Mandab
Strait. We have been harvesting the public keys for analysis, and while
it is not immediately clear what information this might provide, any
bias in their key generator is potentially exploitable. Our client in
the Middle East seems satisfied with the intelligence it provides,
and the additional income provided by key-harvesting is funding daily
operations.

Our initial contract to provide a man-in-the-middle attack server to
disrupt US communications remains the highest priority, and first forays
have allowed us to intercept communications between the Omani and US
governments. These carry detailed and useful information about a
forthcoming trade delegation and planned US aircraft movements in the
region. We had not expected this level of detail at such an early stage
and would propose downing one of the aircraft as a proof of principle
for potential buyers of our services.
