from the secretary to major general phillipon governor of badajoz
to the court of king joseph

your majesty

the following account was dictated to me by governor phillipon with
instructions to pass it to you with utmost urgency and discretion

it is with deepest regret that i must report the loss of the fort at
badajoz for some time now the battle with wellington has been inevitable
but i had hoped that marshal soult and his forces would arrive in time
to engage with the enemy and allow us to prepare a counterattack i am
certain that pinned between the anvil of badajoz and the hammer of
soult's army wellington would have fallen indeed when i heard that soult
had departed seville on april first my spirits were much lifted

it was clear from the activities of the enemy that they too were aware
of the approaching army as they redoubled their gunnery and their
attempts to breach our massive defences but on the night of the sixth
before soult's army arrived to make a difference the assault finally
came approaching by night two divisions of wellington's army attacked
the breaches in our walls while another led i understand by picton made
an attempt to scale the walls picton's assault was clearly a diversion
from the main thrust of the expedition as on the western side sappers
had undermined the earthworks and the sound of explosions deep within
alerted us all to their presence we duly concentrated our fire on the
main force and at first i believed that we might repulse them a
furious withering fire from our brave artillery left a sea of bodies
in the ditches and these together with the wicked blades of our chevaux
de frise and the broken soil of the ramparts and ditches formed a
formidable obstacle in the dark of the night i could not count the dead
but by midnight two of their divisions had been recalled picton however
had managed to scale our walls near to the guadiana and this small
diversionary attack quickly turned to a full-scale assault as their
vicious infantry broke into the citadel wide-scale looting turned to
rioting and murder with a breakdown in discipline that i hope never to
see in our own troops

the british officers stand outside my door with an offer of safe passage
for me and my daughters if i give them my parole few women have survived
this night and i have no choice but to go with them i wish only to assure
you that the loss of badajoz has been bought at the highest cost you
could ask my officers tell me that over four thousand british soldiers
have been killed in this action and it is my hope that these deaths will
hasten the defeat of wellington

with regret
major general phillipon
