tempest executive report
hurricane warning

further leaks from london intelligence suggest that the british government
is protecting the young agents charlie and mark they are scheduled to leave
london on flight co19 bound for newark on friday 16th december but no
through booking is on record new york agents have been instructed to watch
all air traffic on that date it is likely that the agents will be processed
through back channels at the airport so to ensure proper monitoring we have
activated airside sleeper agents at newark and jfk

the situation in european markets is leaving our london and frankfurt
operations very little room for profit-taking without further destabilising
the euro our wall street operations centre is if anything too successful
leveraging the situation through several highly geared investments in hedge
funds and credit default swaps the risk here is that we will force the
closure of another major institution like lehman brothers drawing unwanted
attention to our position it will be necessary to conduct an orderly
dismantling of our european position to prevent embarrassing publicity
important cost savings will be achieved by simultaneously scaling back
security and intelligence operations in europe these savings will be
invested in counterintelligence operations aimed at destabilising the
ongoing investigation of our operations by european and american
intelligence agencies

tempest has a habit of surviving if not thriving in difficult situations
and with our flexible approach to ethics and investment we are perhaps
the organisation best placed to prevail in the current climate

the director
