the engineers harry brought with him wanted to take saws and torches
to the table safe but neither of us were keen i could see that it would
be worth a lot to collectors and probably belonged in a museum harry
said he agreed but i had a feeling he wanted it installed back in
headquarters there was something proprietorial in the way he looked at it

it took the two of us eighteen hours to crack it but with a squadron
of special forces from hereford guarding us there was no risk that my
attackers would return i asked harry how he got authorisation to bring
them in after all we still weren't sure that there were any national
security implications but he just laughed and pointed out that we were
currently somewhere under new scotland yard and it hadn't taken much to
convince the home secretary that we needed a proper security team to
guard the shadow archive

another team of analysts had camped on one side of the command centre
and were combing through black's codebook and the few papers that our
antagonists had left behind from time to time one of the troopers would
arrive with another box of documents retrieved from a side room or a
more distant part of the archive labyrinth most could be decrypted
quickly using the standard tools black had used a range of ciphers
including substitution and transposition and almost none of it was
harder than a vigenere it was slow since the papers had to be handled
with care and the scanner they had brought with them wasn't really
designed for this sort of work a couple of times they called harry over
to show him something and he read it nodded then came back to work on
the safe

as we worked we talked about what i had learned concerning the shadow
archive and black's secret work for the government harry didn't give
much away but i had a feeling he had heard some of this story before
and after the second time he was called away he seemed particularly
thoughtful i asked him what was bothering him but he was enjoying being
cryptic he said something about the balkan problem then muttered steve
turner's poem history lesson: history repeats itself has to no one
listens i couldn't get anything more out of him except some comment
about working backwards through the papers so i turned my attention
back to the safe

the mechanism was bigger and heavier than we were used to and had been
exquisitely made the components slid almost noiselessly over one another
and the loud clicks i had heard when moving the table seemed to be the
result of a broken cog tooth catching on the barrels that made it even
harder to open what little noise the lock tumblers made was heavily
disguised and we had to resort to drilling a small access hole to pass
an endoscope into the interior it was as well we had taken the effort
sitting in the middle of a pile of notebooks and papers was a small
pile of what looked like explosives the safe was rigged to blow if we
made a mistake
