my dear monhier

i decided to take your advice and have utilised a keyword cypher to
foil any who might seek to interfere with our venture it took some
effort and many drafts to implement it and i hope my efforts are
satisfactory at first i was unsure what sort of keyword cypher you
might be expecting and i did wonder about using the military
substitution style which you may wish to adopt in your reply but the
cypher clerks tell me that anagrams are considerably more reliable
and so i have taken the liberty of implementing one here i hope it
will suffice

you asked for intelligence concerning the government's relations with
france my own view is that it is showing an unseemly delight in the
decision of the united states to seek reparations from your country
however you may find it valuable to know that vice president van buren
petitioned president jackson to allow your government more time to
raise the necessary appropriation what is more in so doing he bypassed
the secretary of state who is i understand in a towering rage at this
treatment i think it would take no great effort by your american agents
to seduce him into resignation and you may strengthen the french
position greatly in the american administration if you could accomplish
this small undertaking

i trust that this information goes some small way to demonstrate my
commitment to our cooperation i too would feel more comfortable if you
could offer a more substantial demonstration of your own commitment to
our undertaking in london almost any commercial paper is negotiable and
any currency can be traded i trust that you will be able to find some
way to demonstrate your allegiance

as a novice in the art of secure communication i am reluctant to advise
you however may i take the liberty of suggesting that we might use a
biliterarie cypherin future correspondence i am much taken by the
similarity between this method and ideas proposed by babbage's friend
wheatstone to simplify telegraphic transmissions
