panic over and our double dealing seems to have paid off hooke's enemies
are our new best friends and things have worked out in a mutually
satisfying way organisations like that are unlikely allies but our
future and hooke's liberty are in their hands it's a pity i would have
loved to face the future with a clearer conscience but more satisfying
arrangements were not possible

encrypting hooke's past record with a one-time pad and concealing the
url of the key was a priceless stroke of genius i don't think it could
have been improved further the best hooke can expect if the weblink
leaks is a long jail sentence though i think rougher justice would be
delivered before he could serve it i feel a little sorry for him i hear
he spied for us at one time but agents rarely get the credit for their
actions

it may be necessary to send him another reminder every now and then
about our agreement though if anything i would prefer to never have any
contact with him again but then i may not not have a choice about that
i may not have much choice about the quantum code stuff either

ben is right about gchq it is probably the safest and the most
interesting place for me to be right now so it looks like i will be
working on the break for a while at least i'll be spending the next
few days sending out letters to friends and family with some sort of
story about where i've been then moving up to cheltenham next week

ben sent me an encrypted copy of his letter to hooke it puzzled me at
first as i couldn't see how it could be a cipher but then it isn't
except in name any way once i got the decryption automated it didn't
take too long
