I checked around to see if I was being watched, but the room was definitely
empty and I couldn't hear anything outside, so I ducked down to inspect the
underside of the table. The top was highly polished with a graceful slope
to the edge, thickening as it approached the centre column. There was no
visible mechanism to suggest that it was anything more than it appeared to
be: a grand work table at the centre of a grand control room. I pushed, poked,
and listened for another mechanism, but there was nothing mechanical that I
could find. The thickening of the top and the bulk of the column did allow
room for a fairly substantial mechanism though, and tucked up in the fold
where the top joined the column there was a small metal plate bearing a
maker's mark. My heart skipped--the door to the Shadow Archive carried a
similar plate, inscribed with the trademark of John Tann the locksmith who
manufactured the security system on the entrance. It looked like he had also
made this table. He was not a furniture maker, and there could only be one
reason he had made this one: It must be part of a lock mechanism. He was the
leading safe maker in Victorian London, and if Black had felt the need for
him to build a safe in the heart of the Shadow Archive it could only be
because there were secrets that were too dark even for the security of the
Archive itself.

Maybe this is what my attacker was really after, and if so, they had struck
way too soon. I should thank them really; without my aching head I would have
been unlikely to discover Tann's mechanism, but that thought reminded me I
was still vulnerable down in the shadows. I didn't think there was anyone
else around, but I couldn't be sure, and I needed backup. Until now, there
hadn't been enough to get Harry involved in this adventure. I still wasn't
certain that he would be allowed to help out, as I wasn't really sure that
national security was involved, but I was absolutely certain he would want to
see this.

I needed to get out safely and come back with a team so we could properly
explore the Archive and find out what the Tann safe stored. Before I left
I took one more look around, gathering the few papers that were left and
putting the codebook securely into a pocket of my backpack. I still couldn't
believe that my attackers had left it behind, but perhaps they missed it in
the gloom in their excitement to gather the government papers which they had
found. If nothing else came out of this, I was certain that the codebook was
worth reading. I hadn't had time to inspect it properly, but the section on
the Vigen√®re cipher looked absolutely fascinating.
