Mark,

Grandma's friend Harry dropped by for a chat about Tempest. Apparently
the two of them worked together in the sixties on some projects and he
has contacts in British and American Intelligence. He had heard of
Tempest but not in this context. He pointed me to a paper on Tempest
security protocols which you can read at

    http://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~rja14/Papers/nato-tempest.pdf

Anyway, the idea seems to be to protect electronic communications from
eavesdroppers either using software or hardware shielding. Apparently
if you are not careful, people with the right scanners can pick up the
keystrokes from your keyboard just by picking up on leaking electromagnetic
waves on the power lines. The naming of the security protocol suggests
that the military knew about Tempest a while ago and that the Tempest
protocol was designed to keep them out of official communications. That
might be why Tempest went looking for new opportunities and it confirms
what we suspected about the Tempest conspiracy: insider trading is big
business with a capital B, well two capital B's. If Tempest have been
hacking banks and traders looking for opportunities to short the market,
it would certainly explain the recent instabilities.

Anyway, Harry seemed to think there might be something in this and said
we might be in big trouble, capital B capital T, and we probably need to
disappear for a while. Harry reckons that if we go quiet for a while
Tempest might lose interest, and he said that he could call in some
favours if we fancy a gap year. What do you think?

While he was here we cracked the last page of Turing's notes where he
summarised what he knew about Tempest encryption. It sounds pretty
ingenious but positively archaic. Turing was obviously a bit more
sensitive about security by that stage in his investigation, as he
used a columnar transposition with a twist; see if you can figure it out.
