The bombing raid on Vemork was carried out during daylight on November
sixteenth. The attack squadron, consisting of thirteen planes, split into
two groups, each making two runs on the targets, which appeared to be
the Norsk Hydro power station and the nitrate plant three miles to the
east. The attack was not foreseen, nor was it intercepted by air cover,
and all of the attacking aircraft seem to have returned from the mission.
Eye-witnesses state that intermittent cloud cover appeared to disrupt
the attack, but the majority of the explosives (around thirty tons) were
dropped with very high accuracy on the nitrate plant. Only two to three
tons hit the power station, and the reinforced structure withstood the
worst of the assault. The bombs failed to damage the rebuilt deuterium
electrolysis facility, and our new stocks of heavy water were protected
by the seven storeys of reinforced concrete above. However, the power
plant itself has been damaged, and this second raid on the plant raises
the possibility that our enemies have agents working within it.

In discussion with officials from Die Alchemisten group it has been
decided that the facility should be shut down. Existing stocks of heavy
water and potassium hydroxide will be shipped to their laboratories and
manufacturing facilities in Germany for further enrichment and
experimentation.

Given the risk of local espionage, we will need to significantly enhance
security for this operation.

Finally, we should note that the attack killed twenty-one Norwegian
civilians. This is valuable propaganda, and our agents are doing their
best here and in London to ensure that the Norwegian population understands
who is to blame for these needless deaths.
