I believe this cipher would be of greater utility if we included numbers.
It occurs to me that we should extend the alphabet to include the numerals,
and this would lend itself most conveniently to a six by six grid. That
would also avoid the need to arbitrarily concatenate two letters in one
cell, an altogether more satisfactory solution, I am sure you will agree.

With regard to our turning machine: bad news, I am afraid. My friend close
to the French embassy has been making enquiries about CD and E Spion.
Information is hard to obtain, but it seems that the French are constructing
an automatic enciphering machine that bears some marked resemblance to our
designs. It is an electromechanical device, and like ours, has two rotating
wheels that move forward each time a letter is punched into the machine.
From what I gather, these wheels can be interchanged--a marked improvement
on our own more fixed design. I have not been able to obtain further details
of the internal construction, but I will make further enquiries. The most
alarming detail which has so far come to my attention is the fact that
operating the machine can both encipher and decipher a text using the same
settings. This suggests strongly that, like our design, the French machine
embodies the principle of the electrical reflector, though I am unable to
understand how they could have obtained this idea, given that we retrieved
the only copy of the design drawings from that fiend E Spion. It all appears
to be a bit of an enigma.

The news from Afghanistan and the progress of General Keane at the head of
the army of the Indus has set me to consider how we might make our machine
portable for use by the military. Messages could be passed along a veritable
web of electric telegraph lines, but it would greatly help if small letters
illuminated by the power of electricity could replace the large letter
indicator mechanism. Today this seems but an idle dream.
