my dear nicholas

your uncle's revelation concerning his work on meteorology begins
to explain his move into mathematics following the war i always
wondered why he had left the laboratories and factories but his
experience of industry must have soured as he saw the suffering
that new inventions were causing on the battlefields

i have no knowledge of the work he subsequently did and the few
people i have asked have been strangely unable or perhaps reluctant
to tell me anything of value

the detective you hired to look into the mysterious figures on the
island has contacted me with a report on his investigations he was
able to trace two men who had been making enquiries about your
circumstances but unfortunately they seem to have been alerted to
his investigations and left malta two weeks ago he has a contact
in the shipping company who was able to track their movements via
the wireless telegraph and they disembarked from a commercial ship
in tilbury at his urging a clerk was assigned to follow them and
they were last seen entering a building in whitehall

i fear that you may be of interest to the government but i am at a
loss to know why even having deciphered the fourth section of the
will which again was encrypted using a keyword cipher it is still
not clear how the events of so long ago could pose a risk to you
now on the other hand it is clear that tiberius did not entirely
trust the verona agents

i hope that the fifth chapter which i will leave to you will begin
to explain why

kind regards
charles
